<html xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
<head>
<style type="text/css">
body{background-color: #EAE5E4;}
          .border{ width: 1535px; height:70px; background-color:black; margin: 0;position:relative;top:-8px;left:-8px;border-bottom:solid red 70px;  }
#h2{color: white; font-size: 10px;position:relative;top:-1px;left:15px;}
 #h3{color: red; font-size: 20px;position:relative;top:20px;left:10px;font-weight:500;text-decoration:none;font-family:Trebuchet MS;} 
 .box1{width:500px;height:400px;background-color:white;position:relative;top:100px;left:200px;border-radius:5px;}
  .box2{width:500px;height:400px;background-color:white;position:relative;top:-300px;left:800px;border-radius:5px;}
  .box3{width:1300px;height:400px;background-color:white;position:relative;left:100px;top:-260px;border-radius:5px; }
  .box6{width:500px;height:600px;background-color:white;position:absolute;top:1300px;left:200px;border-radius:5px;}
    .box7{width:500px;height:600px;background-color:white;position:absolute;top:1300px;left:840px;border-radius:5px;}
     .b1{width:200px;height:50px;background-color:red;color:white;border:none;border-radius:3px;position:relative;top:290px;left:330px;}
     .b1:hover{background-color:black;transition:.5s;}
     .b2{width:200px;height:50px;background-color:red;color:white;border:none;border-radius:3px;position:relative;top:230px;left:1000px;}
     .b2:hover{background-color:black;transition:.5s;}
     .box8{width:1300px;height:600px;background-color:white;position:relative;left:100px;top:260px;border-radius:5px;}
</style>
<meta charset="ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Insert title here</title>
</head>
<body>
<div class="border" >
  <a id="h3" > User</a>
  
           <h5 id="h2">  E-visa </h5>
           
           <h3  style="color:white;font-size:25px;font-family:Trebuchet MS;margin:20px 20px;padding:20px;">APPLY</h3>
  </div>
  <h1>#{cus.res}</h1>
  <div class="box1">
            <h3  style="
           font-family: Inter var,system-ui,-apple-system,BlinkMacSystemFont,Segoe UI,Roboto,Helvetica Neue,Arial,Noto Sans,sans-serif,Apple Color Emoji,Segoe UI Emoji,Segoe UI Symbol,Noto Color Emoji;
                  width:480px;position:relative;top:25px;left:13px;font-size:25px;">e-Visa is an online application system developed by the albanian government to pre-screen travelers wishing to visit Albania.</h3>
                  <p style="color:gray;width:450px;height:300px;position:relative;top:30px;left:30px;">Applicants have full access to the e-Visa application system. They must complete the e-Visa process before traveling to Albania by air, land or sea.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="box2">
            <h3  style="
           font-family: Inter var,system-ui,-apple-system,BlinkMacSystemFont,Segoe UI,Roboto,Helvetica Neue,Arial,Noto Sans,sans-serif,Apple Color Emoji,Segoe UI Emoji,Segoe UI Symbol,Noto Color Emoji;
                  width:480px;position:relative;top:25px;left:13px;font-size:25px;">The e-Visa application process can be completed entirely online and is operated by Albania Government..</h3>
                 <ul style="color:gray;width:450px;position:relative;top:30px;left:10px;">During the e-Visa application process:<li>Applicants are required to enter biographical information about themselves</li>
  <li>They will also need to answer questions about VWP eligibility</li>
  <li>People with dual nationality should choose the nationality according to the passport to be used for the travel</li>
<li>Travel Authorization is also required by children who do not yet require a ticket of their own to travel</li>
</ul>
  </div>
  <div class="box3">
         <h3  style="font-family:Trebuchet MS;font-size:25px;font-weight:900px;;margin:70px;padding:30px">Exemption of visa to enter and stay in the Republic of Albania for up to 90 days in 180 days</h3>
        <oL style="width:1000px;font-family:Trebuchet MS;font-size:15px;font-weight:100;position:relative;top:-90px;left:120px;"> <li>Foreign nationals that have a valid multiple entry Schengen visa, with the condition that the visa must have been used previously in one of the countries of the Schengen area or persons have a valid residence permit in one of the countries of the Schengen area.</li>
     <li>Foreign nationals that have a valid multiple entry visa or a valid residence permit issued by United States of America, Great Britain or Northern Ireland, with the condition that visa issued must have been used previously in the issued country.</li>
  <li> Foreigners who are provided with a 10-year residence permit, issued by the authorities of the United Arab Emirates, valid not less than one year from the moment of entry.</li>
 <li>  Foreign citizens from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, India, Qatar, Oman, Thailand, can enter in Albania without visa,for short term stay, with the passport document, from 20 April until 31 December </li>
  <li>  Foreign citizens from Egypt and Russia, can enter in Albania without visa,for short term stay, with the passport document, from 01 May until 30 September.</li>
  <li> Foreign citizens who enter and stay without visa in the Schengen area </li></oL>
  </div>
  
  <div class="box5">
  <h2 style="text-align:center;position:relative;top:-250px;">Select the desired visa type</h2>
  <div Class="box6">
  <ul style="width:450px;font-family:Trebuchet MS;font-size:20px;font-weight:900px;position:relative;top:0px;"><h  style="font-weight:bold;position:relative;left:150px;">Electronic Visa</h><br/>
It is an authorization printed in electronic form, generated with an electronic stamp and sent to the applicant by email, without the need to physically appear at the Diplomatic / Consular Representations of the Republic of Albania.</ul>
    
    <div   style="position: relative;left:20px;width:450px;">
    <li> Type A : It is issued in the form of a stamp visa or printed in electronic format, which gives to the holder the right to enter and stay in the international area of an airport circulation until necessary for the next flight to the country of destination. The validity of this visa corresponds to the time period and flight ticket reservation the visa applicant foresees for the transiting.
<br/>

Type “A” visa may be issued with one, two or multiple entry. </li><br/>
    <li> Type C:  It is issued in the form of a stamp visa or printed in electronic format, which entitles its holder to enter and stay in the Republic of Albania for up to 90 days within 180 days, starting from the date of first entry.

<br/>
Type “C” visa can be issued with one, two or more entries.       </li><br/>
    <li>  Type D : It is issued in the form of a stamp visa or printed in electronic form for foreign citizens who intend to stay in the Republic of Albania for more than 90 days within 180 days, and when, to obtain a residence permit, these citizens are required to have a visa.    </li>   </div>
 </div>
 <div class="box7">
 
<ul style="font-family:Trebuchet MS;font-size:20px;font-weight:900px;position:relative;top:0px;">  <h  style="font-weight: bold;position:relative;left:150px;">Stamped Visa</h><br/>
It is the authorization in the form of a stamp visa. In case of visa approval, the applicant physically presents for the withdrawal of the visa at the Diplomatic / Consular Representations of the Republic of Albania.

</ul>
<div   style="position: relative;left:20px;width:450px;">
    <li> Type A : It is issued in the form of a stamp visa or printed in electronic format, which gives to the holder the right to enter and stay in the international area of an airport circulation until necessary for the next flight to the country of destination. The validity of this visa corresponds to the time period and flight ticket reservation the visa applicant foresees for the transiting.
<br/>

Type “A” visa may be issued with one, two or multiple entry. </li><br/>
    <li> Type C:  It is issued in the form of a stamp visa or printed in electronic format, which entitles its holder to enter and stay in the Republic of Albania for up to 90 days within 180 days, starting from the date of first entry.

<br/>
Type “C” visa can be issued with one, two or more entries.       </li><br/>
    <li>  Type D : It is issued in the form of a stamp visa or printed in electronic form for foreign citizens who intend to stay in the Republic of Albania for more than 90 days within 180 days, and when, to obtain a residence permit, these citizens are required to have a visa.    </li>   </div>
 </div>
 </div>
  <h:form> <h:commandButton action="#{cus.apply()}" value="Apply"  styleClass="b1" />   </h:form>
    <h:form> <h:commandButton action="#{cus.toapplyb()}" value="Apply"  styleClass="b2" />   </h:form>
  <div class="box8">
  <h1 style="text-align:center;font-family:Trebuchet MS;color:red;">Needed</h1>
  <ol style="font-size:20px;">
 <li> Visa application form, completed by the applicant, which is available online free of charge (the application form is completed online during the application, is generated and downloaded by the sistem)
   Photograph of the applicant, with dimensions 47 mm x 36 mm </li><br/>
  <li>Photocopy of the valid travel document </li><br/>
<li>Statement according to the legal provisions, where the consent of the parent or legal guardian is expressed according to the legislation in force for the travel of the minor.</li><br/>
<li>A photocopy of the passport page showing the entry and legal stay of the foreign citizen in the country where he / she is at the moment of applying for a visa.</li><br/>
<li>Notarized photocopy of the license of the Albanian or foreign tour operator, as the provider of the travel package.</li><br/>
<li>Residence permit more than 12 months, issued from the country of residence, with a validity period of at least 3 addition months than the duration period of the required visa.</li><br/>
 <li> Hotel reservation or declaration of host where they will reside.</li> <br/>
 <li> Documents showing that the applicant has sufficient financial means for living, both for the duration of the stay and for returning to a third country, in which he is safe to enter or which is able to enjoy such financial and legal means in the Republic of Albania, in accordance with the provisions of this decision.
invitation from the local scientific, cultural, sports or humanitarian entity, for the participation of the foreigner in the activity for which the issuance of the respective visa is required</li><br/>
<li>The document certifying the realization of sustainable scientific, cultural, sports or humanitarian activities in the country of origin of the visa applicant.</li>
  </ol>
  </div>
       
</body>
</html>